This is what the people in the birdbox saw before they die.
Half the movie budget was probably spent on weed for the animators.
No i see why god is punishing us with coronavirus
You know maybe the original Sonic trailer wasn't so bad!
What if they make a movie called "humans" and it's just regular people with cat faces?
for those who haven't experienced sleep paralysis, now you have
"Hey, should we make the characters look like cats or humans?"
"Yes."
I left my kids in the cinema, couldn't tolerate these movie character's looks. I hope my kids find some good parents.
Imagine being the person who thought that this was a good idea...
Wanna break up with your girlfriend take her to this movie
If you think watching this trailer on your phone is bad, imagine the people sitting in the theater innocently waiting for the previews and having no idea what they're about to witness.
Our cat is no longer interacting with humans after watching this movie.
this should be rated R because everyone here is basically naked
My friend went to go watch this. She refused to talk about what she saw
If cats would've done a movie called Humans, they would certainly do a better job.
At this point I'm starting to think that making bad character design choices is just a marketing tactic
I don't think even the Furries wanted anything to do with this.
But that main dancer is incredible.  i hope her career's not stalled because of this one film.
I almost thought they were monkeys...
Me: Can I watch catwoman?
Mom: we have catwoman at home
I gotta give respect to the trailer for not disabling like or comments.
I feel quite insulted, the director of Les miserables created this...
Forget large spiders, jumpscares, decapitation, impalement, and strange sounds, this is the meaning of scary things. It's really REALLY terrifying to be on Earth-
My husband has a theory: if a movie has too many stars, then it's a really bad movie. 

He hasn't been wrong so far.
One of the biggest disasters in the History of cinema
The coronavirus watches this "film" and dies.....
I don't know why everyone's complaining, it's always great to see new horror movies
THIS MOVIE HAS CURSED US. 2020 HAS BEEN A TERRIBLE YEAR BECAUSE OF THIS CURSED MOVIE !!!!
It's satisfying how many dislikes this movie has
Guys, stop putting so much hate comments
I'm tired of liking them  ya'll, stop hating eachother, please... ;-;

(guys pls stap hating on each other, this is just a light hearted comment, also, thx for all the likes)
I am here again to see the dislikes
This is what the people in Bird Box were seeing...
This is why we have the Coronavirus
Mom: Talk to that kid he is not so weird
The kid:
Cats: "It's so easy to leave me!"

Audience: you can say that again
1950: We will have flying cars in future!
2020:
Now we knoe why 2020 is like this,
God is punishing us for this movie.
When the Weebs said 'We want nekos!' This isn't what we meant...
As a cat this is offensive.
