Technically it is OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA's fault because the orange as*hole will never be the man he is and he knows it.
Leftists assault on freedom and liberty for all. But of course your TDS takes you to Tr
trump is hope for us, if even trump can not blame the , that means evil spread all over the
NEVER VOTE QUID PRO RACIST PEDO GRANDPA CREEPY JOE. Text TRUMP
: Theres no such thing as an AIDS vaccine. We do have drugs like Truvada and Descovy that are about % effective at preventin
: Over M signed up Tulsa rally!!Over K new members joined this past week!When all the
: No journalistic integrity, brains optional: That is what CNNs (fake) newsroom looks like.
: When will the orcs tire of statues and go after Mount Vernon and Monticello with torches. Would Trump even protect these si
: Why does trump continue to lie so egregiously about President Obama? Well, when was the last time someone challenged h
: Nothing to see here. Just a close Trump ally -- who served as one of his backchannels to Russia during the transition -- and
: This is the LEFT!!! This is your Democrat party. Why do you vote for people who dont disavow this stuff?
: Trump has been bankrupt more times than the number of years the confederacy lasted.
: Trump believes he can get away with anything, because he has gotten away with everything always. He should have been in p
: Since last month, Trump has:- Falsely said Obama didn't try to do anything on policing- Falsely said Obama wiretapped him-
: School Choice will be huge for black americans to have the choice to leave the democrat run failing schools that are p
: Among other things, such as a policing task force and restrictions on military equipment transfers to police, the Obama-era Jus
: A member of the far-fight "Boogaloo" movement allegedly killed two cops during Oakland's post-Floyd riots. Three Boogalo
: GOP: fourth greatest president ever, near equal to ReaganGodBlessPresidentTrump
: What happens when deaths slaps Trump and Pence in the face as summer comes to an end? Is
hope it was more supportive of our great men and women in the police force, was it, did not see the video. someone
: We Need a President who respects usTrump has no respect for... everyday Americanspeople of colorNative Americans
