When you realize that it's just 5 days difference between the 2 space launches from the same company. That's insane.
Wait a minute-
You're telling me the camera didn't lose connection? Awesome
Me: "Finally a competent commentator"
She: "Stage seperation is when he stages seperate"
Me: O.o
Its incredible how SpaceX has managed to make this a "common" sight in such a short span of time... damn!
I love the names “just read the instructions” like what’s the point if you can’t have fun like that right?
Isn't it trippy to think: we're literally watching space X turn space flight into a regular occurrence, soon this wont even be a big deal anymore. This is the most technologically advanced time in existence and it's all thanks to the guy who started PayPal.
AT&T and Verizon making a killing charging overage fees to their home internet users. I can't wait until SpaceX opens up the internet to the entire world. What a beautiful service.
Cool that we’ve seen so many launches I’m familiar with the launch UI now
Elon Musk reminds me of an evil genius in a James Bond movie.
"I am going to take over the world, Mr. Bond.  You cannot stop me."
Sometimes I feel Elon Musk is an alien from Mars stuck at Earth.
And he just want to go home 
Elon(10 years ago): I want to build a rocket that could land itself and be reused for multiple times.
People: Haha you're funny.
Now: a Block 5 booster landed for the fifth time
When you realized it took the rocket just 20mins to launch and return.... we know how far mankind has advanced.
Insane.
At least something GOOD has come out of 2020
2020: I'm the worst year.
SpaceX: You were saying?
keep scrooling

i just Looking for flat earther scientist
14:43 - T -10 SECONDS

14:53 - IGNITION & LIFTOFF

17:31 - MECO + STAGE SEPARATION
18:08 - FAIRING DEPLOY
Watching the booster land was so breathtaking. Didn't know if it was gonna make it out fine, screen goes bright again and it landed perfectly.
5:22 - over 420. 
Me: thats pretty hiiiiiiiiighhhhhhh
The intelligence of the SpaceX engineers is just amazing to witness.
“stage separation is when the stages separate”


 ,       .
Isn’t it insane how this is just normal now? Like, if I was shown these live-streams 5 years ago, I’d be shocked that this would be in 2020.
i love how spaceX names their stuff :P Exactly how I would name it too If i were CEO, Elon is the only one that is not stiff and boring
Funny how a few years ago this was revolutionary and now its becoming the norm.
I can’t believe there are people STILL who doubt Elon and his companies
Flat Earthers - I'll pretend I didnt see this.
I like the names for these drone ships.
"Of course I still love you"
"Just read the instructions"

I love the SpaceX techno music. I could listen to this for hours while working.
2nd on trending? Starlink is finally getting the attention it deserves!
Starlink Mission

14:50 - Liftoff
17:33 - Stage Separation
Terraplanist: You can't just leave the earth
Nasa: Haha Rocket goes BrrrrrRR !!!
I still can’t get over how small the drone ship and rocket look on the camera
I love that the timing is so accurate; everything is perfectly calculated.
I have a feeling someone wasn't following instructions....
And first time the camera didn't cut out when the first stage landed!
when she talk about June 4,I remember ed 1989 in Beijing
5G: tHe FaStEsT InTeRnEt On ThE pLaNeT!!!

Starlink: Hold my Falcon9 rocket
Verizon, AT&T & T Mobile: Im in danger
When can I expect WiFi on the moon?

Asking for a friend.
It's amazing to look back at this in the next 20 years 
I love how their biggest problem is "urm we had to use the other droneship because we havnt had time to unload the first one"
